

can process xml and JSON
	if communication and download is choosen
		this can be no JSON
		needs a Settings xml and a download location url
		choosing Communication Settings does not filter the input settings file, the whole settings are included!

	if communication is only choose
		needs a setting file in JSON or XML format

	if download is only choose
		needs a xml download URL

	if download and ForAndroid is choosen
		needs
			Load Software from URL 	
				The web server or FTP server address of your software. Use this option for application package files or configuration files.

			Text File 	
				The location of the text file you want to copy.
			Text File Destination 	
				A path that is relative to the Android external storage directory. If this field is left blank, the text file is copied to 
				the default location: the standard download directory on the Intermec computer. Use this optional field to specify a 
				location in the download directory. For example, to copy the file to a subfolder named "temp," type temp. The destination 
				folder must exist on the mobile computer before you can download the text file.
			
			Load Update from URL 	
				The web server address of the over the air (OTA) file to update the operating system.
			
			Load Text File from URL 	
				The web server or FTP server address of the text file. The bar code only includes the URL of the text file and 
				the destination on the Intermec computer. Use this option for large text files.
			Destination for Text File from URL 	
				The filename of the text file to download. This field may also include a path that is relative to the Android external storage 
				directory. For example, to copy the file to a subfolder named "temp," type temp/myfile.txt. The destination folder must 
				exist on the mobile computer before you can download the text file.

	password and notes are added separately

	json does never use a start barcode nor does it provide the NoReboot option
	for xml noStartBarcode and noReboot are optional

